[Music]
hello Stuart here a hobbyking come back
once again for another daily and now
fans of scale models you might be
impressed by this but fans of 3d models
you will be very impressed by this
because this is our brand new p51 3d EPP
model and now I say scale fans it's
those people if you want and I guess it
does look like a p-51 in profile and
that makes sense because it is a profile
model but really it's not about Scouts
about fun and these aren't great fun to
fly these models now as the name
suggests it is EPP in construction so
that means it's very lightweight and
very durable as you can see here yeah
which is exactly what you want for a 3d
type model such as this it is a kit it
will take them probably a few evenings
to put together but it's worthwhile
because it is a treat to fly as we have
all models of this EPP type construction
now you do see the motor installed here
just for demonstration purposes the kit
comes with comes in two options one with
and one without the motor the motor
itself is a 22 millimeter
type 1200 and 50 kV brushless outrunner
in the option that has the motor this
has four serves in total we're nine gram
servers will be five of c2 on the
ailerons and one on the elevator and
brunner as you see the cutouts port
there again very simple to put together
much like the model itself no real bells
and whistles other than it's just an
excellent flying platform and really
great fun very durable and it's the kind
of mother you'll always want to keep in
the back of your car or take down to the
local park just because it keeps giving
it it never really ends it's a great
moment for that back to the front again
the propeller for this anything from a
or in the 10-inch range 10 by 4 right up
to a 10 by 5 or 6 this is a 10 by 4.5
you see on it here you see the area here
this is cut out for the battery the
battery it's a free cell and it can be
anything from a 1300 right up to an 1800
or maybe even a 22 if you wish but I
think really the 13
is the ideal combination for this type
of model the undercarriage here it's
provided pretty bent you'll just need to
slot it into the plywood slot that you
see here and the wing will need gluing
on to the fuselage and the tail plane
will need gluing on the phone as well
and but of course you can just use fake
glue for that works very well and it's a
good looking model and I think you'll
agree that this will make a worthwhile
addition to your hangar and that just
very quickly before we finish the speck
is just under 40 inches it's 38 inches
which is just under a thousand
millimeters which is 980 millimeters now
the rest of the kit in the box as well
as getting a a very nicely Illustrated
colored manual if I open this up for you
here so you can get a better look of the
quality of it you can see that it is
very detailed and full colored glossy a
for instruction manual nice to see it
also get some very good hardware you've
got the last fiber you can see those
that last fiber control horns for your
control surfaces and for your servos
you've got ply mounts for your servos
and you've got for your proverbial and
accessory screws and piano wire
fasteners as well not forgetting of
course you get pre bent push ones for
the model so all you know it's a great
package and it will be a great price if
you're thinking about getting into 3d or
you're looking for a very resilient fun
sports flyer this could well be for you
if you are already a fan of these types
of models then it's a nice additional
one to add to your fleet I myself will
be getting one because why it kind of
looks like a Mustang and I do enjoy a
bit of fun freely flying as well please
look out for this on the new items page
it will be up very shortly
thank you very much for watching please
subscribe to our YouTube channel and I
will see you next time
[Music]